0.  GIF = 256, PNG = 256 extendable to ~16.7 million, JPEG = ~16.7 million, BMP = ~4.3 billion
1.  GIF.
2.  Lossless loses no bits during a save, lossy destroys some when the file is saved.
3.  JPEG is, but can actually be saved in a lossless way contrary to popular belief (though this isn't widely supported), BMP is a "wrapper" formatted file that can either be lossy or lossless depending on how you choose to save it, and PNG and GIF are both lossless. 
4.  The operating system marks the first entry in the file's directry indicating that it has been deleted.  Next, all of the file's clusters are moved to a section marked as free clusters, but the file data remains unmodified.
5.  Use an appropriately knowledgeable disk sanitizer/declassifier or combine a disk sanitizer/declassifier with a slack space sanitizer in order to eliminte all Level 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 info.
6.  Typedefs that use macros to define min/max values for exact-width int types.
7.  Setting specific int sizes that correspond to a size in bits for things lke bitmap headers.
8.  BYTE = 1 byte (*le gasp* what a stunner!), DWORD = 4 bytes, LONG = 4 bytes, WORD = 2 bytes
9.  ASCII = BM, hex = 42 4D w/0 for offset so I believe that's denoted as 0x424D
10. bfSize denotes the total value representing the number of bytes a file contains, but biSize is just the number of bytes the information header contains
11. The bitmap is topdown and the origin is in the upper left corner for uncompressed red, green, blue bitmaps, whee
12. biBitCount (muahahaha, 1, 2, 3, I am ze Count!)
13. If the file is inaccessible or otherwise unavailable
14. Because we only need one struct, silly goose!  Gooses!  Geese!  Honk!!!  Quack?  What's happening to me?!  Damnit, someone put me in AnatidaeStruct again...
15. 3! This is the number of remaining questions now, too!
16. Jumps to a specific spot within a file for the stream you input!  If a stream babbles inside of a black box, does any 1 hear it?
17. This guy sets the offset from whatever the current file position is for your seek.
18. A smiling CS50 staffer with a Harvard shirt and... some kind of... stuffed.. animal thing?  A monkey?  His Chucky possessed teddy?  O.O  
